Add configuration `SSHAccess` for workers settings (#7188)
gardener/gardener: docs/extensions/bastion.md

However, `Bastion`s have an expiry date, after which they will be garbage collected.

> When ssh access is set to `false` for the `Shoot` in the workers settings `Bastion` resources are deleted during shoot reconciliation and new ones are prevented from being created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When SSH access is set to `false` for the `Shoot` in the workers settings (see [this document](<<add a link to your new document here>>)), `Bastion` resources are deleted during `Shoot` reconciliation and new `Bastion`s are prevented from being created.
```
